case 1: allForward
case 2: allBackward
case 3: armForward
case 4: armBackward
case 5: gateUp
case 6: gateDown
case 7: Motor 1 FORWARD, Full block 
case 8: Motor 1 BACKWARD, Full block
case 9: Motor 2 FORWARD, Full block 
case 10: Motor 2 BACKWARD, Full block 
case 11: Motor 3 FORWARD, Full block 
case 12: Motor 3 BACKWARD, Full block 
case 13: Motor 4 FORWARD, Full block
case 14: Motor 4 BACKWARD, Full block
case 15: Motor 5 FORWARD, Full block
case 16: Motor 5 BACKWARD, Full block
case 17: Motor 6 FORWARD, Full block
case 18: Motor 6 BACKWARD, Full block
case 19: Motor 7 FORWARD, Full block 
case 20: Motor 7 BACKWARD, Full block
case 21: Motor 8 FORWARD, Full block
case 22: Motor 8 BACKWARD, Full block 
case 23: Motor 1 FORWARD, Half block 
case 24: Motor 1 BACKWARD, Half block
case 25: Motor 2 FORWARD, Half block
case 26: Motor 2 BACKWARD, Half block
case 27: Motor 3 FORWARD, Half block
case 28: Motor 3 BACKWARD, Half block
case 29: Motor 4 FORWARD, Half block
case 30: Motor 4 BACKWARD, Half block
case 31: Motor 5 FORWARD, Half block
case 32: Motor 5 BACKWARD, Half block
case 33: Motor 6 FORWARD, Half block
case 34: Motor 6 BACKWARD, Half block
case 35: Motor 7 FORWARD, Half block
case 36: Motor 7 BACKWARD, Half block
case 37: Motor 8 FORWARD, Half block
case 38: Motor 8 BACKWARD, Half block
case 39: ALL Motors BACKWARD